c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Nautae.Android.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Nautae.Android.pdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Nautae.Android.apk
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Nautae.Android-Signed.apk
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\box2d.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\CocosSharp.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\CocosSharp.Forms.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\CocosSharp.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Lidgren.Network.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Android.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Android.pdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\Nautae.Android.apk
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Views.loginPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.pdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Views.CreateAccount.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Mmdp.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.MmdpMaster.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.MmdpDetail.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Views.Egitim.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Views.Platform.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Views.PlatformQuestions.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Nautae.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Nautae.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\feel_bar.jpg
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\logo_icon.png
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ports.png
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\tutorials.png
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\user_pic.png
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\web.png
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\a.jpg
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\construction.png
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Views.Simulation.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\obj\Debug\Nautae.Droid.Views.WebViewPageCS.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xfinium.Pdf.Pcl.dll
C:\Users\aturg\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Nautae\Nautae\Nautae.Android\bin\Debug\Xfinium.Pdf.Pcl.xml
